Add redis maintenance docs (#45)
vshn/appcat: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/explanations/comp-functions/vshn-redis.adoc

= VSHN Redis Function-io

The set of transformation go functions applied to a VSHN Redis composition.

== Maintenance

Redis maintenances supports only patch upgrades.

> There's no plan to add automatic minor or major upgrades due to usual breaking changes in newer Redis versions.

Reviewer: I would rephrase this:
```suggestion
There's no plan to add automatic minor or major upgrades due to possible breaking changes in newer Redis versions.
```

=== AppCat Implementation

In AppCat there's a cronjob deployed for each instance that is provisioned.
This cronjob will trigger a Patch update `Job`.

> The latest patch version is being searched in the official https://hub.docker.com/_/redis[docker repository].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest patch version is being looked up in the official https://hub.docker.com/_/redis[docker repository].
```

> If a newer patch version is found then Redis is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a newer patch version is available, then Redis will be updated.
```
